20 - clinks - here it's Christmas Day
2011 and a going to shoot a video here
at my in-laws house and Pocahontas
Arkansas this is my father-in-law and
this is my brother-in-law Jay all of our
very experienced shooters Jay over here
owns oh it's about three state titles
two world titles and a national title
and my father-in-law here probably never
done you know and exactly so we're gonna
play a game of horse so
all right here the targets were going to
be shooting we've got a wide assortment
of 22 rifles pistols coach Ruger's Smith
& Wesson's coke cans matches you name it
we're going to shoot at it so game's
going to be first to five you've got a
hit for you to score so here we go
alright first shot using the mirror
rifle over the shoulder you can play
target let's say 20 feet
right through the middle
good shot over time I made you a rough
Ruger Mark to target between 15 20 yards
20 gauge oh yeah we have to use this
pistol ex-miss
nice well played yeah
all right next shot
Ruger single six one-handed I got the
coke can done it upside down
X
hmm don't count on it what's the shot
all right we're just about seven feet
here 10 feet not very far away we're
gonna shoot into a shotgun hole without
hitting the side they can hit the back
you see we get back
Oh spring pill bottle 63 will be aiming
at how far
drilled it
good shot okay 22 coke woodsman tic-tac
five steps okay I'm on the tick that
you hit something airs J go buddy
drilled it good shot
hey junior you gotta lay it down what
play the action down here we go good
shot
all right J what are you doing
15 yard 17 yards here we're gonna swing
the clay target you got a habit in camp
from the time he lets go pull the
trigger
alright starts count Dave one two three
four good shot two three four one two
three four five drilled it I'd like to
thank all the little people those who
made this possible I appreciate the
support of Ruger and Smith and Wesson's
and those folks the Federals make the
fine ammunition that we were using today
folks CCI they provided our velocity
ammunition for our 22 out of the Smith &
Wesson's that we shot they want to thank
my father and mother without them none
of this would be possible without their
loving relationship that brought me into
this world like like my friend Dave also
known as 22 flank sir for allowing me to
be a part of this video
enjoy some guys have a great day say
shoot